# Topdown

`topdown` is a top-down scheme generator for C++ files using `perl` and
`graphviz`.

## Dependencies

To use `topdown` you will need the following software:

* `perl` with the modules `Tie::IxHash` and `XML::Simple`
* `graphviz`

## Installation

Installing will currently probably work on linux only, but you can still run the
script from this directory if you are stuck with anything else.

To be able to just run `topdown` from any directory, enter:

    # make install

If you want to have a personal global config file (`~/.topdown.xml`), enter:

    $ make config

See `make help` for other useful targets.

## Configuration

`topdown` uses an XML file for its settings. It will first look for
`<any_input_file>.topdown.xml`, then for `./topdown.xml`, then for
`.topdown.xml` in your home directory and finally for `/etc/topdown.xml`.

## Usage

Try `topdown --help`.

## Features

* Different (customisable) layout for top nodes, bottom nodes, duplicate nodes,
  empty nodes, undeclared nodes, undefined nodes, input variable edges (normal
  and references / pointers) and void / return value edges.
* Detects recursion.
* Distinguishes overloaded functions by arity, asks the user if there are
  multiple possibilities.
* Ignores specified functions.
* Ignores types generated by specified keywords.
* Includes local (`"..."`) header files.
* Unreadable sourcecode.

## Todo

* Add comments.
* Debug mode(s).
* Optional colored output.
* Allow specifying one output file, labeling the subgraphs with their filenames.
* Merge the parser and the processor and add a webinterface mode.

